Subscribe repl process stdout (#2302)
BetterThanTomorrow/calva: docs/site/output.md

![Toggle CLJC](images/howto/cljc-toggle-button.png)

## REPL process output (stdout and stderr)

> When evaluating code, `stdout`, and `stderr` stemming from `(println ...)` et al is captured by Calva and sent to the Output window. By default this includes output from threads spawned by the evaluated code as well as a lot of other output from the repl process. You can opt out of the “this includes” behaviour with the `calva.redirectServerOutputToRepl` setting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When evaluating code, `stdout`, and `stderr` stemming from `(println ...)` et al is captured by Calva and sent to the Output window. By default this includes output from threads spawned by the evaluated code as well as a lot of other output from the repl process. You can opt out of this behavior by setting the `calva.redirectServerOutputToRepl` setting to `false`.
```

I think it's fine to just say "this behavior" as it implies the previously stated behavior. I also think it's clearer to say what value they should give that setting to opt-out.

Author: Maybe the whole section is a bit unclear. What I am trying to say is that the setting only affects part of the output. That's why I tried to qualify which behaviour. I'm merging your suggestion, and will look at the section again to see if I can clarify what it all is about.

Author: I've pushed an updated version of the copy. Please have a look and see if you think it's an improvement.

Reviewer: Looks good to me!
